README.md, before:

# JetBrains One Dark Theme

[![JetBrains plugin version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/11938-one-dark-theme.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/11938-one-dark-theme)
[![JetBrains plugin downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/11938-one-dark-theme.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/11938-one-dark-theme)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-12-orange.svg)](#contributors)

> [One Dark](https://github.com/atom/one-dark-syntax) theme for JetBrains.

![Code example](https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/raw/master/docs/screenshots/default.png)

## Sponsors

[![CodeStream logo](https://alt-images.codestream.com/codestream_logo_jbonedarktheme.png)](https://sponsorlink.codestream.com/?utm_source=jbmarket&utm_campaign=jbonedarktheme&utm_medium=banner 'Try CodeStream')

Request and perform code reviews from inside your IDE. Review any code, even if it's a work-in-progress that hasn't been committed yet, and use jump-to-definition, your favorite keybindings, and other IDE tools.<br>
[Try it free](https://sponsorlink.codestream.com/?utm_source=jbmarket&utm_campaign=jbonedarktheme&utm_medium=banner)

## Setup

After installing the theme, go to `Preferences | Appearance & Behavior | Appearance` and select one of the new themes in the theme dropdown. Once you have selected one of the theme options, click the **OK** button to apply the changes so you can start enjoying One Dark theme!

![Code example](https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/raw/master/docs/screenshots/configuration.png)

## Further Documentation

Check out the [docs](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains) for manual installation instructions, additional screenshots, and contributing guidelines.

- [Installation](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/the-basics/installation)
- [Screenshots](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/the-basics/screenshots)
- [Contributing](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/contributing/development)

## Thanks

- Thanks to [Egor Yurtaev](https://github.com/yurtaev) who created the repository this project was based on. Without that starting point, this plugin may have never been created.
- Thanks to GitBook for hosting the docs!
- Finally, thanks to everyone who has contributed to this project through issues, pull requests, and plugin usage. Your usage and feedback has helped to make this plugin what it is!

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/mskelton"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/25914066?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Mark Skelton"/><br /><sub><b>Mark Skelton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/commits?author=mskelton" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#question-mskelton" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/commits?author=mskelton" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-mskelton" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-mskelton" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://www.dacoto.com"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/16915053?v=4" width="100px;" alt="David Cortés"/><br /><sub><b>David Cortés</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Adacoto" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://x1unix.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/9203548?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Denis Sedchenko"/><br /><sub><b>Denis Sedchenko</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Ax1unix" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/zakh508"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3613383?v=4" width="100px;" alt="zakh508"/><br /><sub><b>zakh508</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Azakh508" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/GauthierPLM"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2579741?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Gauthier Pogam--Le Montagner"/><br /><sub><b>Gauthier Pogam--Le Montagner</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-GauthierPLM" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/eickit"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/4112464?v=4" width="100px;" alt="eickit"/><br /><sub><b>eickit</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-eickit" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/cnfn"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1445517?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Cnfn"/><br /><sub><b>Cnfn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-cnfn" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/cliffordp"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1812179?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Clifford"/><br /><sub><b>Clifford</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Acliffordp" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://defman.me"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7100645?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Sergey Kislyakov"/><br /><sub><b>Sergey Kislyakov</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Adefman21" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/sundongmin"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/17910228?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Sun Dongmin"/><br /><sub><b>Sun Dongmin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-sundongmin" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/levani"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/184472?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Levani Melikishvili"/><br /><sub><b>Levani Melikishvili</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-levani" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://blog.csdn.net/qq_21019419"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/12908403?v=4" width="100px;" alt="lynn"/><br /><sub><b>lynn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-tulongxCodes" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://unthrottled.io"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/15972415?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Alex Simons"/><br /><sub><b>Alex Simons</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/commits?author=Unthrottled" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#question-Unthrottled" title="Answering Questions">💬</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/XanderCheung"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/28296509?v=4" width="100px;" alt="XanderCheung"/><br /><sub><b>XanderCheung</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3AXanderCheung" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/maxmalov"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/284129?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Maxim Malov"/><br /><sub><b>Maxim Malov</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-maxmalov" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

Commit message:

Added FAQs link to docs

README.md, after:

# JetBrains One Dark Theme

[![JetBrains plugin version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/11938-one-dark-theme.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/11938-one-dark-theme)
[![JetBrains plugin downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/11938-one-dark-theme.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/11938-one-dark-theme)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-12-orange.svg)](#contributors)

> [One Dark](https://github.com/atom/one-dark-syntax) theme for JetBrains.

![Code example](https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/raw/master/docs/screenshots/default.png)

## Sponsors

[![CodeStream logo](https://alt-images.codestream.com/codestream_logo_jbonedarktheme.png)](https://sponsorlink.codestream.com/?utm_source=jbmarket&utm_campaign=jbonedarktheme&utm_medium=banner 'Try CodeStream')

Request and perform code reviews from inside your IDE. Review any code, even if it's a work-in-progress that hasn't been committed yet, and use jump-to-definition, your favorite keybindings, and other IDE tools.<br>
[Try it free](https://sponsorlink.codestream.com/?utm_source=jbmarket&utm_campaign=jbonedarktheme&utm_medium=banner)

## I need help!

Please check [the docs FAQs](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/help/faqs) to see if we can solve your problem.
If that does not fix your problem, please submit an issue.

## Setup

After installing the theme, go to `Preferences | Appearance & Behavior | Appearance` and select one of the new themes in the theme dropdown. Once you have selected one of the theme options, click the **OK** button to apply the changes so you can start enjoying One Dark theme!

![Code example](https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/raw/master/docs/screenshots/configuration.png)

## Further Documentation

Check out the [docs](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains) for manual installation instructions, additional screenshots, and contributing guidelines.

- [Installation](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/the-basics/installation)
- [Screenshots](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/the-basics/screenshots)
- [Contributing](https://one-dark.gitbook.io/jetbrains/contributing/development)

## Thanks

- Thanks to [Egor Yurtaev](https://github.com/yurtaev) who created the repository this project was based on. Without that starting point, this plugin may have never been created.
- Thanks to GitBook for hosting the docs!
- Finally, thanks to everyone who has contributed to this project through issues, pull requests, and plugin usage. Your usage and feedback has helped to make this plugin what it is!

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/mskelton"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/25914066?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Mark Skelton"/><br /><sub><b>Mark Skelton</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/commits?author=mskelton" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#question-mskelton" title="Answering Questions">💬</a> <a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/commits?author=mskelton" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-mskelton" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-mskelton" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://www.dacoto.com"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/16915053?v=4" width="100px;" alt="David Cortés"/><br /><sub><b>David Cortés</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Adacoto" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://x1unix.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/9203548?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Denis Sedchenko"/><br /><sub><b>Denis Sedchenko</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Ax1unix" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/zakh508"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/3613383?v=4" width="100px;" alt="zakh508"/><br /><sub><b>zakh508</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Azakh508" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/GauthierPLM"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2579741?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Gauthier Pogam--Le Montagner"/><br /><sub><b>Gauthier Pogam--Le Montagner</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-GauthierPLM" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/eickit"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/4112464?v=4" width="100px;" alt="eickit"/><br /><sub><b>eickit</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-eickit" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/cnfn"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1445517?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Cnfn"/><br /><sub><b>Cnfn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-cnfn" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/cliffordp"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/1812179?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Clifford"/><br /><sub><b>Clifford</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Acliffordp" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://defman.me"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/7100645?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Sergey Kislyakov"/><br /><sub><b>Sergey Kislyakov</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3Adefman21" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/sundongmin"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/17910228?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Sun Dongmin"/><br /><sub><b>Sun Dongmin</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-sundongmin" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/levani"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/184472?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Levani Melikishvili"/><br /><sub><b>Levani Melikishvili</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-levani" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://blog.csdn.net/qq_21019419"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/12908403?v=4" width="100px;" alt="lynn"/><br /><sub><b>lynn</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-tulongxCodes" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://unthrottled.io"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/15972415?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Alex Simons"/><br /><sub><b>Alex Simons</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/commits?author=Unthrottled" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#question-Unthrottled" title="Answering Questions">💬</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/XanderCheung"><img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/28296509?v=4" width="100px;" alt="XanderCheung"/><br /><sub><b>XanderCheung</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/one-dark/jetbrains-one-dark-theme/issues?q=author%3AXanderCheung" title="Bug reports">🐛</a></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/maxmalov"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/284129?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Maxim Malov"/><br /><sub><b>Maxim Malov</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#design-maxmalov" title="Design">🎨</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!
